[mellow jazz]
♪ ♪
[rhythm picks up]
[Rileyy] ♪ I'm a hustler. baby
I'm a hustler. baby ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ Yeah. I know
Heartbreaks. setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make. make. make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em ♪
♪ Done shot
At the rest of 'em. yeah ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em ♪
♪ Check. boy
I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Bag Supreme
Boy. you fuck around ♪
♪ Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ Before the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it. they
Don't do it like we do it ♪
♪ Nah. cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck. hey ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
Ha ha. That's right.
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
[Rileyy and 50 Cent]
♪ And it's all right ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ That's how
We do it on this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
On this side ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
[Rileyy vocalizing]
[upbeat hip-hop music playing]
[LL Cool J's "I Can't Live
Without My Radio"]
♪ ♪
[LL Cool J] ♪ My radio
Believe me. I like it loud ♪
♪ I'm the man with the box
That can rock the crowd ♪
♪ Walkin' down the street
To the hardcore beat ♪
♪ While my JVC
Vibrates the concrete ♪
[man] Yo. What's up. money?
[LL Cool J] ♪ But I need
A radio inside my hand ♪
♪ Don't mean to offend... ♪
[Grown Kanan] Y'all seen
how my last fight ended...
this right here is how
my first fight started.
[crowd chanting "Fight!"]
Get offa him!
Leave him alone!
I told you.
stop playin' with us.
[girl]
He's hurt. let him go.
Leave him alone!
Shut up. Jukebox!
[boy]
I wouldn't do that. yo.
[bully] Why don't you
say somethin'. bitch?
[crowd groans]
[laughing]
[bully]
Y'all better recognize.
You already doin' man.
Can't mess with us.
Kanan.
you don't have to do this!
[boy] That fool
didn't know what he was doin'.
[bully] Exactly.
Let it go. let it go.
Yo!
[crowd groaning and laughing]
-[boy] What's up now?
-Next time. you're gonna
give up that money
when I tell you.
Stop playin' with us. man.
Man. let's go. let's do it.
-[Jukebox] Get off. let me go.
-[bully] Let her go.
Punk-ass!
[laughter]
[boy] Hey. nice job.
You okay. Kanan?
[laughter]
Kanan?
-[bully] See this?
-Kanan?
[bully] Now everybody's
laughing at you.
[Jukebox] Kanan?
[Grown Kanan]
The hood got no love
for a motherfucker who run.
[kids] Bye. Kanan!
Kanan! Get back here!
[dramatic hip-hop music plays]
[Grown Kanan] There I go.
Damn.
That shit's a bad look.
[woman] You all right. Kanan?
[indistinct chatter]
[mellow hip-hop]
♪ ♪
[Kanan panting]
[men grunting]
My mom and her boyfriend.
High Post.
[Kanan crying]
[Raq] Where you goin'. Kanan?
Look like little Kanan
got in a tussle at the park.
[Grown Kanan] Post is the one
who really got her
in the game.
Hey.
You want me to go talk to him?
Not every kid
up for the Southside. Raq.
Mine is.
[Grown Kanan]
Post'll be dead in a year.
Someone lit his ass on fire
for tellin'.
I always liked that brother.
Treated my mom right.
[Kanan crying]
[Raq] Why you cryin'. Kanan?
What happened?
Tyus and Antoine jumped me
for my money.
How they know you had it?
I told you not to show nobody
your money.
Didn't show nothin'.
[Raq]
You talkin' about it. then.
And you gave it up.
They beat me down.
[Raq] Where was Jukebox?
They were holdin' her back.
Tyus' stronger than me.
We goin' back to that park.
[dramatic hip-hop music
playing]
[Run-DMC's
"Can You Rock It Like This"]
♪ ♪
Hey. Let's go.
[singer] ♪ If I eat
A little kid ♪
♪ Sticks his finger
In my plate ♪
♪ I be signin' autographs
For three months straight ♪
♪ I got jet-set women
Who offer me favors ♪
♪ My face is a thousand...♪
Let's go.
[singer] ♪ Need a sip
Of lemonade... ♪
That them?
Deal with them or deal with me.
but there ain't nowhere to run
when it comes to me.
Get yours. boy.
[singer] ♪ I can rock it
Like that ♪
[singer] ♪ Can you rock it
Like this? ♪
[singer] ♪ I can rock it
Like that ♪
Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh!
Huh! Huh! Huh!
♪ ♪
♪ Your ears are clogged ♪
♪ Your head is hard as a log ♪
[Tyus] You know I can get
tickets to first base.
He can't get tickets.
-Stop--
-Yo.
Yo. so you back for more?
[Tyus grunts]
Oh. my God!
[gagging. groaning]
-[continues moaning]
-Yo. Kanan. no--
[gasps and murmurs]
C'mon. let's go.
[boy] Damn. payback's
a motherfucker.
[Grown Kanan] Southside.
Jamaica. Queens. 1985.
Kanan messin' these niggas up!
[Grown Kanan]
That was the first time
my name rang out.
And it ain't stopped
ringing since.
[singer] ♪ But can you rock it
Like this? ♪
[singer] ♪ I can rock it
Like that ♪
[low bass intro]
[A Tribe Called Quest's
"Buggin' Out"]
[school bell ringing]
[Phife Dawg]
♪ Yo. microphone check ♪
♪ One. two. what is this? ♪
♪ The five foot assassin
With the roughneck business ♪
That's the bell.
Everyone. get to class.
[Phife Dawg] ♪ Got more rhymes
Than the Winans got family ♪
♪ No need to sweat Arsenio
To gain some type of fame ♪
That's the bell.
Didn't you hear me?
My office.
[Phife Dawg]
♪ Upon styles is what I have ♪
♪ You wanna diss the Phifer ♪
♪ But you still
don't know the half ♪
♪ I sport
New Balance sneakers ♪
♪ To avoid a narrow path... ♪
[principal] This could be
a life-changing opportunity
for you. Kanan.
Stuyvesant is one of the best
high schools in the country.
[Raq] Now. that's what
I'm talkin' about.
Ma. but I don't wanna
change schools.
There isn't enough time
to fully prepare Kanan
for the entrance exam.
but I am betting
that just based on what
he already has stored up
in that ample brain of his.
he'll do quite well.
It's a brand-new
school building
with a pool. five gymnasiums.
12 science labs.
and escalators.
Word? Escalators?
[principal] The building cost
$150 million.
[laughs]
That's real money.
[principal] The most expensive
high school
ever built in the city
with a top-notch faculty
to match.
Stuyvesant ain't playing.
I hope you don't mind
that I took the liberty
of signing Kanan up
for the entrance exam myself.
But there's still paperwork
that requires your signature.
Thank you.
[principal] There's no limit
to your potential. Kanan.
and there's nothing worse
than squandered talent.
[apprehensive hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
-[grunts]
-What?
-[girl] Hey--
-[both grunting]
[crowd clamoring]
You're takin' that test.
and you're goin'
to that school.
I like it here.
I'd have to take the bus
all the way down
to Sutphin and take the E.
Ain't nobody tryin'
to do all that.
Besides. I'm doin' good here.
Why we gotta go switchin' up?
Because there is a better plan
for you. a bigger world.
Ah.
That's me right there.
It's the only shit
I ever liked in school.
My girl Cassiopeia.
she got put up here
as punishment.
Rolled up on Poseidon and said
she was finer
than his mermaids.
so he threw her up in the sky.
spins around the North Pole
for eternity.
Old girl's just holdin' on.
always about to fall
off the throne.
That's real right there.
Look. I got a plan for you.
Kanan.
And this new school.
it figures in just right.
So you gonna take that test.
you're gonna
get into that school downtown.
you're gonna go to college.
and you're gonna become a CEO
or some shit.
Okay. you about to live a life
that people 'round here
only dream about.
But I'd be away from you. Ma.
Your life is my life.
You fly. I fly.
[pager buzzes]
I gotta go. I love you.
[gentle piano music playing]
♪ ♪
♪ For the father ♪
♪ Waits over the way ♪
♪ To prepare us ♪
♪ A dwelling place there ♪
♪ In the sweet... ♪
[Grown Kanan] You hear that?
You feel that?
My cousin Jukebox can sing.
But that voice
gon' fool yo ass
'cause you never knew a nigga
harder than Jukebox.
and I ain't never
loved nobody harder neither.
Juke. everything.
♪ We shall meet ♪
♪ On that beautiful shore ♪
[mellow hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
Thanks.
[Davina] Kanan.
What's up. Davina?
I saw your mom
in the hallway earlier today.
She's so pretty.
[Grown Kanan] Davina Harrison.
To me. Davina
was the dopest girl
on the Southside. no question.
See. Davina didn't even know
she was a dime.
which only made her
that much finer.
Any time she looked
in my direction.
I damn near forgot
my own name.
Look at me.
Nigga can't even speak.
And you got them same genes.
Look. I ain't never really seen
a good picture of my pops.
He might be crazy ugly.
I don't know.
Look. everybody says
he used to. like.
run the hood back in the day.
and they don't
let ugly dudes do that.
And you cute already anyway.
[cashier] Next!
You up.
-Huh?
-Y-you. uh...
You--yeah.
[lively hip-hop music playing]
♪ ♪
[man] Yo. what up. Jukebox?
[Grown Kanan]
The crew. My people.
Fuck that food shit.
Give me a--give me a beat.
Oh. word?
[Famous] ♪ Uh ♪
♪ You bitch legs open up
For a nigga like me ♪
♪ I be shootin' y'all niggas
Like my name Spike Lee ♪
♪ I was voted most likely
To be a champ like Ali ♪
♪ And murder any motherfucker
Who try to slight me ♪
[cheers and laughter]
You can't teach that shit.
nigga!
Come on. That's God-given.
That's touched by a angel.
That's off the dome. nigga.
[Jukebox]
I'm not gonna lie. Famous.
That's not the worst rhyme
you've ever spit.
Thanks?
[Grown Kanan]
Sean "Puerto Rican Famous"
Figueroa.
But we just
called him "Famous"
because when he was
in the third grade.
he won some contest
to read a poem he wrote
on the radio.
That shit was garbage.
but that's my nigga.
[mellow hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
Every school
got a Davina Harrison.
and every Davina Harrison
in every school
got a boyfriend
like Buck Twenty.
the smoothest.
best-dressed dude
around the way.
[scoffs]
Fuck Buck Twenty.
[mellow hip-hop continues]
♪ ♪
How long you been tryin'
to get with her?
[Kanan scoffs]
Since second grade?
[Jukebox] How long she been
playing you to the left?
First grade.
Maybe you should move on.
Juke. I ain't never movin' on.
♪ ♪
[Juke scoffs]
[Raq] How the fuck
did Born Ready get hit?
They savior he cipher squared
wisdom gods.
[Grown Kanan]
There go my Uncle Lou-Lou.
my mom's youngest brother
and right hand
up in this muhfucker.
If there shit
that need doin'.
Uncle Lou-Lou'll get it done.
and get it done right.
Up on knowledge. culture power.
[Grown Kanan] Oh. and they
talkin' in code...
or some top secret shit.
That's why you don't know
what they sayin'.
So mind your own
damn bidness.
No one gone to the essence.
but Born Ready. he caught one.
-But where he at?
-He in here.
-[Lou-Lou] What's good?
-[man] Yo.
They just ran up
on us and blazed.
Four dudes.
E-Z. Trace. and L-Mack
got away.
but Ready got hit in the leg.
[exhales] Shit burns.
[Raq] Marvin. what the fuck
happened?
Got him in the meat.
Ready'll be a'ight.
Where you been?
Nigga hungry.
[Grown Kanan] Uncle Marvin.
My mom's older brother.
That nigga never
miss a opportunity
to miss a opportunity.
But he loyal.
And tough.
And he always eatin'.
[Marvin] 'Nique tryin'
to muscle his way
onto our corners again.
We need to push back.
He need to feel us.
You want us take it
to the street. it'll be taken.
Nah. we barely
comin' out this drought.
We don't need a war right now.
It ain't about what we need.
sis.
It's about what we got.
We can't let him body us.
especially when business
so tight.
And we gettin' elbowed
down at Lanes.
-Since when?
-[Marvin] Couple weeks.
Harlem niggas is movin' in.
And I'm just hearin'
about it now?
I just heard about it.
It's accurate.
You runnin' distro downtown.
right?
Then run it.
Now I gotta go deal
with this bullshit.
We got your hospital bill.
Thanks.
Can't sleep on this
hospital applesauce. yo.
[energetic music]
[singer] ♪ Whoo ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
[Jukebox] Oh...come on.
-[Famous] Shoot. shoot. shoot.
-[Jukebox] Yes!
[Jukebox] Come on.
come on. come on--
[Famous] Ryu 'bout to
fuck you up!
Chun-Li's making you her bitch.
[Famous] Blocks and weaves.
blocks and weaves...
Ooh...oh!
[Jukebox] Ah! Ooh!
Oh! Boy.
My bitch.
That's some bullshit.
You know this shit fake.
[Famous] Let's do it again.
[Jukebox] Wanna go
for round two?
[Famous] Yeah.
[game sounds.
music in background]
[foreboding music playing]
[Grown Kanan] That's Unique.
Biggest drug dealer
on the Southside.
Niggas wanna be him
or be down with him.
[man]
That shit's bulletproof.
Unique's got a dude in Utah
who armors up
all his rides for him.
♪ ♪
I didn't know Unique
put Buck on.
[suspenseful music playing]
♪ ♪
[background chatter]
[Lou-Lou]
Yo. we lookin' for Hugo.
Uh. not here.
Any idea when he'll be back?
Hugo's taking
a mental health day.
I told you. I'm done
with green apples.
My nutritionist
says only citrus
for the rest of the year.
Where are my tangerines?
[sighs]
And who are you?
My sister and I. we got
bidness with. uh. Hugo.
Oh. Hugo's business
is my business.
I'm the club's new publicist.
[Raq] Well. this ain't
about publicity.
Everything's about publicity.
[dog barking]
Wait. I know who you are.
You're the drug dealer.
You're the one
who made a deal with Hugo
to sell your blow here.
Your coke's all stepped on
and dirty--ghetto shit.
It's a bad look for the club.
Going forward. we're gonna be
using my source.
I bet you won't.
Let me get at her
for a sec. Raq.
Yeah. this bitch doesn't know
who she's fuckin' with.
Who you calling a bitch?
-You. bitch.
-[Lou-Lou] Raq.
-Let me handle it.
-[dog barking]
I'm not the one.
Know this.
[publicist] Your sister needs
to chill the fuck out.
She needs to know I'm not
some scared-ass white girl.
honey.
[Lou-Lou] Let me
holler at you for a sec.
[pager buzzing]
She's the worst.
Well. she 'bout to get her ass
beat.
Tears will not be shed.
Symphony Bosket.
That's a hell of a name.
Well. I'm a hell of a guy.
Raquel Thomas.
People call me Raq.
You new?
I'm just working here
Tuesdays and Thursday nights.
Got class all the others.
Oh. what you learnin'.
Symphony?
I'm getting my master's
up at City College.
-Urban planning.
-Well. I'm urban.
I like plans.
Might just have some shit
to talk about. then.
Yo. Raq.
We're gonna get at Hugo later.
I'll see you 'round. Symphony.
I'm gonna look forward to that.
[soft lounge music]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan] Lamont's Diner.
That's our spot.
Dinner every Wednesday night
for as long as I can remember.
Best memories I got.
-[Raq] Okay. Lou-Lou.
-[Lou-Lou] He's not?
-[Raq] No.
-[Lou-Lou] Who funnier?
[Martin] I mean.
the bald one.
[laughter. chatter]
Oh. we not even talkin'
about that.
-[Kanan] Like I said--
-[Lou-Lou] Just saying--
Look. look. I'm-I'm just
telling you all.
though. for real. Juke.
you was killin' at choir
practice today. for real.
-For real.
-My girl's a star.
Yo. Juke ain't no joke. baby.
That's right. B.
-Oh. that was a good one.
-[laughter]
Well. your ma's been tellin' me
about this Stuyvesant test.
That's dope. It's good.
New building. what?
It's a new building where...
got a bunch of labs.
pools. escalators.
Who got labs?
Look. the principal
over at the high school
wants him to take that test
to get
into the school downtown.
Now. it's supposed to be
the best high school
-in the city.
-What city?
How come. uh. the principal
never stepped to you
-about this. Juke?
-[Jukebox] She did.
But you said it was gonna be
a waste of time.
that all them white folks
down there
was never gon' give me
a real chance.
I mean. that sounds
some shit I'd say.
-[laughter. chatter]
-Yeah. exactly.
Look. okay. well.
take the test now. then.
I'm too old.
Fuck it. then.
I mean. arts and science
is good enough for us.
good enough for my daughter.
That shit wasn't good enough
for us. Marvin.
-That's the point.
-[Marvin] Whatever.
[Grown Kanan] That's us.
Whole fam.
-Hey. yo!
-Doin' our thing.
-Yo. Fame!
-Thomases.
-[Jukebox] What up?
-[Kanan] What's goin' on. man?
[Famous] Hey. hey.
what's the word. Thomas family?
Yo. so how much you payin'
this fine-lookin' woman
to walk around with you.
Famous?
'Cause I know she ain't
kickin' it with you for free.
That's my sister. Jessica.
[Marvin] Oh. didn't even know
you had a sister.
I've been livin' with my father
in Baltimore.
Up here now to work
and go to school.
Oh. nothing I love more
than a working girl.
Somehow. it doesn't surprise me
that you love working girls.
Oh. sh--
Thirty seconds in. and she
already out your league.
Pull up a couple seats.
I got dinner.
No. we cool. we was just
passing through. Mrs. Raq.
-I just wanted to say "hi."
-[Kanan] Famous.
You really gonna sit here
and act like it's a coincidence
-that you showed up?
-For real.
You know
this our spot and time.
-Sit down.
-[Kanan] Right.
I mean. if y'all insisting.
[Marvin] Hey. no one insisting
on shit. nigga.
Are you eatin' or not?
I'm eatin'.
[Kanan] Whoa. whoa.
[Famous] Ha.
-[Kanan] Dude. we know you.
-[Famous] Ain't no time
to be poor. right?
It's cool to be poor.
[Kanan] Cool?
-Hey.
-[Lou-Lou] I'm Lou.
-[Jessica] Jessica.
[Raq]
What's the day's mathematics?
[Marvin sighs]
[Marvin] Power understanding
off the corners.
Wisdom and knowledge
from the other spots.
We down.
The price of jumbos dropped.
Had to keep up
with the Joneses.
[continues indistinctly]
You not cold?
Yo.
Yo. What up?
Yo. I don't want your uncle
messin' with my sister. man.
-Fame.
-She not built for this shit.
Yo. you been wantin' to be
a part of our family
since you was. like.
four years old. Famous.
Hey. maybe this is finally
your way in.
-You know what I mean?
-[Kanan] Word.
-Love. marriage.
-Yeah. maybe.
-[Jukebox] In-laws.
-[Famous] Exactly. Juke.
[overlapping chatter]
-Down!
-[gunshot]
[gunshots]
[hip-hop playing in car]
♪ ♪
You okay?
-Yeah.
-You okay?
-[Kanan] I'm good.
-You two?
-[Jukebox] Yeah.
-Lou-Lou. good?
[Lou-Lou] We good. I'm good.
Yo. you all right?
That's probably
the bravest thing
any dude's ever done for me.
You hangin'
with the wrong dudes.
-Clearly.
-[siren wails]
Yo. That's Five-O. Let's be out.
[Jessica]
Yo. Famous. get in the car.
[sirens approaching]
You okay?
[Kanan] Yeah.
I know who shot at us tonight.
[Raq] You don't know
what you know. Kanan.
Hmph. Yeah. I know more than
you think I do.
I'm handling it.
We good.
That secret language you talk
with Uncle Marv and Lou-Lou.
all that wisdom. cipher.
understanding stuff.
it's Supreme mathematics
and alphabet.
I heard some Five Percenters
using it.
You always talkin' numbers
outside of Lamont's.
"Power understanding" is 53.
"Wisdom knowledge." 21.
Ma. I'm telling you.
I know stuff.
Look. you need to stay out
grown folks' business.
Okay. I told you. I'ma deal
with what happened tonight.
Okay. you just focus on this
test and school.
You handle your job.
I'll handle mine.
No. but what if something
happens to you?
That was just a message.
They weren't tryin' to hit me.
But what if they did
and you were gone?
-What happens to me?
-[sighs]
You'd go live
with your grandmother.
-[scoffs]
-That's one of the reasons
I rented her that house.
So you always
have a place to go.
I don't want you to die.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
Go to bed.
I seen my life flash
in front of my eyes last night.
Well. that's not much to see.
[Famous] Fuck you. Juke.
[Jukebox] Hey. what was Raq
talkin' about last night
when you got home?
She say she gonna fix it.
Then she gonna fix it.
[siren wailing]
Guess you won't have to worry
about this shit no more.
You gonna be
at your fancy school
next year downtown.
Test tomorrow.
[Famous] Yo. if it was me.
I'd fuck up that
special test shit on purpose.
I ain't goin' to school
with them fuckin' crackers.
[Jukebox] Nigga. the only
special test
you ever gonna take
is the one to make sure
you ain't got that HIV
from Toya Hutchinson.
[Famous]
I used a jimmy hat. a'ight?
Word?
I pulled out early. nigga!
Damn!
[laughing] You just stupid.
Famous. That's all.
[Famous] I guess.
You came at me and my family
last night. 'Nique.
Wasn't tryin' to hurt nobody.
Raq.
Niggas are just buckin' off
in the air.
tryin' to get your attention
to motivate this parley
right here.
Your brother would've never
done shit like that.
[Unique] Yeah. maybe not.
You see. Ronnie's upstate
for the rest
of his natural life.
and I'm runnin' the show
right now.
so I do what I wanna do.
You also bum rushed my dudes
on 145th.
Listen. my niggas
got a little wild.
but they've been checked.
But look. Raq.
High Post and my brother
had an agreement
that those blocks above 139th
is a demilitarized zone.
No man's land.
When your little peoples
ran in there.
snatched that up
without checkin' in.
'Sup with that?
Post's deals ain't my deals.
[small laugh]
You know. you must
really miss Post.
Bein' that you two were just
so madly in love and shit.
Post used to say.
"Once you're on your knees.
it's damn near impossible
to get back on your feet."
I ain't gettin' on my knees.
'Nique.
Not for you or no man.
You take 140 to 143.
I get 144 to Sutphin.
-Why you get the extra block?
-Look.
We can go head up
in this motherfucker. 'Nique.
No matter
where you were aimin'.
you took a shot
at me and mines last night.
My peoples are ready
to throw the fuck down.
You can't afford the war
right now. Raq.
You hurtin' just like me.
Well. outta my pain
comes strength. nigga.
140 to 143.
Word is bond.
You know. that's a fly-ass
jacket right there. B.
You bring that to the shop.
and we can
-tighten that up for you.
-[Raq] Mm-hmm.
[upbeat music playing]
♪ ♪
[moaning]
-What the fuck is that?
-Come here. baby.
[continues moaning]
Ah--
[moaning. sniffing]
What the fuck is that smell?
How you just gonna stop?
[sniffing]
Bella?
Did you go poopy?
[sniffs]
Hey. get me some water. yo.
Where are you. Bella. baby?
[foreboding music]
♪ ♪
[screaming]
[Raq] They said you got a break
halfway through.
[Kanan] Thanks.
You're gonna crush this. baby.
You have three hours
to complete the exam.
You may open your test booklets
and begin the exam...
Now.
Good luck.
[apprehensive music]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan] Niggas defined
by the choices they make.
And my choice has always been
clear as hell.
My moms over everything.
Especially some downtown school
with a bunch of white niggas.
[punchy music]
♪ ♪
Medium well.
No doubt.
[Famous] Test went quick.
Knew the answers
before I even sat down.
Hey. uh...
saw Buck on your mom's corner
on the way over.
140th.
Damn. this nigga takin' shots
at us at the diner.
now he takin' corners too?
I thought you told Juke
your mom was gonna fix that.
We gonna handle it.
[tense music]
My brother got some gats
hidden around the crib.
[Grown Kanan] D-Wiz.
D the one givin' Famous
the beat on the table
back in my old school.
Lot of fake tough guys
around the way.
Niggas who act like
they got heart.
but bitch up
when shit get hot.
That wasn't D-Wiz.
D always with whatever.
whenever.
That's my man.
Let's do this.
[singer] ♪ Back to life.
Back to reality ♪
♪ Back to life.
♪ Back to the here and now.
Oh yeah ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Tell me maybe I
Could be there for you ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ However do you want me ♪
♪ However do you need me. how ♪
♪ However do-- ♪
[click. music stops]
[girl] He got caught
by his parents.
-with a girl in his room.
-No way. Are you kidding?
What's up?
Can we help you?
Oh. shit. uh. this is Laverne.
We met at the choir competition
at City Center last week.
[girl] You go to Spence.
right?
You're. uh. you're
in my friend Alex's class.
Nah.
Where do you go to school?
Jamaica.
The island. Jamaica?
Oh. my God. Um. Queens.
Jamaica. Queens.
Laverne and I are working
on a duet together
for the Deb Ball.
It's like a...
exchange program thingy.
[soft music]
I'll call you guys later.
♪ ♪
-What the heck was that?
- I don't know.
God. the Deb Ball's this thing
that happens every year
for rich white girls to be.
like.
presented to rich white guys.
[Jukebox] Rich Black people
have that too.
Jack and Jill or some shit.
Not that I've ever
been invited.
Come with me to mine. then.
Nobody want me there.
I want you there.
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music
playing on boom box]
♪ ♪
[man]
Come on. come on. come on.
[Marvin] Yo. um. what's up
with the mutt?
[man] Tumor in his spine.
Can't use his rear legs
no more.
Yo. well. never give up
on family.
[man] No doubt.
Yo. uh. Hugo say we good.
Back up at Lanes again.
Own the spot.
[car alarm chirps]
He also was talkin'
some crazy shit
about the new white girl
up in there.
And. uh. and her dog
and a fuckin' microwave.
What white girl?
You're so pretty.
Yeah.
[chuckles]
You're shaking.
[romantic music playing]
I get it. I get it.
♪ ♪
[upbeat hip-hop music playing]
[singer] ♪ And this is how
The story goes ♪
♪ Brothers are amused
By other brothers' reps ♪
♪ But the thing they know best
Is where the gun is kept ♪
'Cause in the night
You'll feel fright... ♪
[man] Let me get
five red caps. yo.
[singer]
♪ Wanna do a dance or two ♪
♪ 'Cause they could maybe
bust you for self ♪
♪ Or with a crew ♪
[dealer] Let me see cash.
[singer] ♪ He could pop you
And jet ♪
♪ Without a getaway car ♪
♪ And some might say
That he's a dummy ♪
♪ But he's stickin' you
And takin' all of your money ♪
♪ It's a daily operation ♪
♪ He might be loose
In the park ♪
♪ Or lurkin'
At the train station ♪
♪ Mad brothers know his name ♪
♪ So he thinks he got
A little fame... ♪
Look at this.
Postin' up on my mom's corner?
That's straight-up disrespect.
Let me get the strap.
[D-Wiz] I'm using the other one.
I don't know what the fuck
you niggas is holdin'.
[Famous] Mm-mm.
I ain't goin'
out there naked. man.
Fuck that--what am I gonna do
when they start
shootin' back at us. huh?
Yell at them?
Man. look. y'all lay back.
Me and D'll do this.
[tense music playing]
♪ ♪
[exhales]
[Kanan] Wait here.
[Buck Twenty] Hmph.
The fuck you want. Kanan?
Oh. shit!
[gunshots]
Oh--
-[grunting]
-[D-Wiz] Who shot him?
Me or you?
Nigga tryin' to speak.
[groaning]
[continues groaning]
[heavy music]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan]
Buck Twenty the first nigga
I ever pointed a gun at.
You never forget that shit.
-[siren wailing]
-It stay with you.
It live with you.
Yo! Five-O!
Kanan. let's go. man!
[soft piano music playing]
♪ ♪
[Raq] It's been a minute
since anybody
asked me out on a date.
I know I'm not the kind
of brother
you probably mess with.
I'm in a...
specific line of work.
Symphony.
Not everybody can get down.
If it's not a problem for you.
it's not a problem for me.
So urban planning?
What do I need to know?
Oh. man.
How much time you got?
How 'bout when Robert Moses
built the Cross Bronx
in the '40s.
he moved out
5.000 low-income families?
Just threw them in the street.
But if he'd run the expressway
along Crotona Park
like a lot of people
told him to.
only. like. 50 families
would have had to go.
I've never even heard
of Robert Moses.
Pretty much the architect
of the whole damn city
and Westchester and Long Island
and Rockland County.
Lotta people. including me.
think he destroyed those spots.
But I tell you all that
because that right there
is urban planning.
It's where policy
and design intersect.
[small laugh]
-Look what you done started.
-[chuckles]
I like brothers
with bigger ideas than me.
Kanan.
I'm sorry. I gotta go.
-For dinner.
-No. but I asked you out.
[Raq]
I had squashed it. Kanan.
It was done. Over.
We made that peace.
Ma. he tried to kill you!
Then they was just
on your corner.
disrespectin' you? Hell no!
I gave him those corners.
Why-why would you do that?
-Great question.
-Here we go.
[Raq]
You wanna start your own shit?
Make your own calls?
Have at it. nigga.
But if the past
taught us anything.
it's that you not
made to sit in this seat.
to walk in these fuckin' shoes.
So how 'bout you
shut the fuck up
and let me speak to my son?
That your blood?
No. it's the other kid.
Yeah. The dead kid.
So just so we clear.
you and your friends
killed that boy
for a corner I already gave up.
-I didn't know you gave it up.
-[Raq] Exactly.
You don't know.
but you think you do.
You all do.
And where the fuck was you at
when all this stupidness
was goin' down?
Choir practice.
[scoffs]
Singing.
She was singin'.
Ma. I wanna help you.
-[Raq] You wanna help me?
-Yes!
Go to that school
and get the fuck up outta here!
You coulda sent me
to live with grandmoms
a long time ago!
Schools out there is safe.
is good. but you ain't do that.
You kept me right here
next to you
'cause this is all we got.
I'm here because
you wanted me here!
And now you tryin' to send me
to some spot downtown. right?
So I can go to college.
get some corny-ass job.
and raise up
off the block forever?
Leave you here alone?
Which one is it. Ma?
Am I stayin' here.
or am I goin'?
For real.
you need to make up your mind.
Go to your room.
I'm grown.
I don't think you can tell me
to do that no more.
[laughs]
You must be out your damn mind.
Somebody gotta fly that flag
and have your back.
That's what I did.
Ma. that's who I am!
No. no. no. I tell you
who you are. Kanan.
not the other way around!
I am your mother!
That sweatshirt gotta go. Raq.
Go take it off.
Yo. you gotta burn that shit.
[foreboding music]
♪ ♪
[Lou-Lou] Come on.
'Nique gonna hit us back.
Sh--
[breathing hard]
[gunshots]
Look. Ma--
[Raq] Not nearly
that time yet. Kanan.
Not even close.
Go take out the garbage
and get back up to your room.
Gonna take you
to your grandmother's.
Maybe you were right.
Maybe I should've sent you
out there from the rip.
[tense music]
[scoffs]
[man] Yo. Kanan!
[gunfire]
[tires squeal]
Kanan!
[Kanan panting]
I'm good. I'm good.
I'm not hit.
[overlapping chatter]
[Grown Kanan] Every hood
got a cop like Malcolm Howard.
Act like he own the streets.
Like we all answer to his ass.
Like he the biggest gangster
around the way.
But it ain't that simple.
It ain't never that simple.
Looks like baby boy's
balls dropped.
The block's the same.
him and his boys.
they got prices on their heads.
Yeah. well...
block's got it wrong.
Maybe you should. uh.
get out while you still can.
They hit the wrong house.
Just a fucked up mistake.
Hmm. That's your story.
You're stickin' to it?
That's the one.
You spinnin' that same shit?
My son don't got nothing
to say to you.
Watch your back. Raquel.
And keep them eyes open. B.
[Marvin] Yo. let us through.
man. we family.
Yo. Raq.
[Marvin] You a'ight?
Guns wasn't pointed
in the air this time.
It's your first crime scene.
Burke.
What do you got?
[sighs]
Nine-millimeter shell casings.
Some sort of SMG.
Gonna run ballistics.
see if we can match it.
Ah. you all sleuthing up
in this motherfucker. huh?
Just doin' my job.
[Howard] Yeah. well.
I hope you're a good swimmer.
The gat that
squeezed that shit out
it's already at the bottom
of Baisley Pond.
[Jukebox] Shit's scary. right?
Psh. Shit's so scary. I didn't
even have time to be scared.
[police radio chatter]
I'm glad they missed.
Yeah. me too.
Yo.
Where was you at earlier?
White girl?
You know I'd never tell you
how to raise your son. Raq.
[tense music]
But them fools
is comin' for Kanan.
And no escalator in no school
is gonna save him from that.
Neither is his mama.
♪ ♪
[Raq] For Buck's family.
Sss.
We had a truce. Raq.
that your boy
and his crew violated.
Now. you think a grip of cash
for Buck's family
gonna nearly fix that. Raq?
If our word don't count.
this whole shit falls apart.
You know that.
Speakin' on violations.
You came after my son
last night--
where we stay at.
And we gonna keep comin'. Raq.
You see. I got money
on all them niggas' heads
until you and I
come to an agreement.
Or until we don't need to
no more.
Now. look.
I want all them corners.
No compromise. no split.
no nothing.
They all comin' to me now.
See. look.
My crew's lookin' at me like...
if I don't bring somethin' back
real for Buck.
they gonna start
wantin' answers to questions
people in our position
don't ever wanna be asked. Raq.
Kanan's not to be touched.
I'll dead the bounty.
But you gotta understand this:
I can only control
what I can control.
See. Buck's got a lot of people
on the Southside. Raq.
And I can't be held responsible
for random niggas wantin'
to take matters
into they own hands.
Kanan's not in this.
Kanan's you and Def Con's boy.
Raq.
That nigga been in this shit
before he was even
in this shit.
That's why I always say
this hustle right here
ain't for the broads. Raq.
[chuckles]
'Cause you see. in this shit.
you can't give a fuck
about nobody or nothing
more than your business.
Distractions make you weak.
Make you blink.
You don't care about your son
any less
than I care about Kanan.
Listen.
Jerome's my heart.
but he ain't live inside of me.
He didn't come out of me. Raq.
You see. you and Kanan
connected in a way
me and Jerome
just never will be. Raq.
You can't fuck
with that chemistry.
It's biology.
[chuckles]
Even worse. Raq.
Listen.
[tense music playing]
All them corners is mine now.
♪ ♪
I'm not blinkin'. 'Nique.
My eyes are wide fuckin' open.
[foreboding music playing]
♪ ♪
[Raq] Kanan.
[whispering]
Get dressed. We're goin'.
Goin' where?
Just get dressed.
Thought you were takin' me
to Grandma's.
How'd that test go?
For real.
Don't lie to me.
If there was a lot of answers
in that B column.
I might be a'ight.
[exhales]
You threw it.
Kanan went hard on them Bs.
You see those four stars?
Right there.
That rectangle.
With those diagonal stars
right in the middle of them.
That's Orion the Hunter.
That's us. Kanan.
Orion.
Always the hunter.
never the hunted.
Go ahead. Take it.
Point it straight out there.
[ominous music playing]
Hold that shit with two hands.
Strong hand on top.
Extend your arms.
Aim straight out there.
Squeeze one off.
That bullet's out there now.
Circlin' the world
with your name on it.
And you gonna be runnin'
from it for forever.
You wanted to be in it?
You in it.
♪ ♪
[punchy percussive music]
[gunshot]
[Grown Kanan] You already know
how my shit ended.
And now you know
how it started.
[gunshot]
But the real story
is what happened in between.
This is that story.
This is my story.
This is a Southside. Jamaica.
Queens story.
[Main Source's
"Just Hangin' Out"]
[singer]
♪ I'm just hangin' out ♪
♪ I'm mainly known
For the rough raps ♪
♪ But kids steal my lyrics
Like hubcaps ♪
♪ And eat 'em like stacks of
Flapjacks like Rugrats ♪
♪ Hey. and I get busy
Over unknown tracks ♪
♪ While the next man flaps
His lids like Parkay ♪
♪ I'm skilled in the field.
So slide to the side ♪
♪ I'll make a rapper cry ♪
♪ 'Cause I can get
Some shut-eye ♪
♪ While he's havin'
Hard times writin' rhymes ♪
♪ So he gnaws on my metaphors
And dines on my lines ♪
♪ Which is the reason why
I like to hang out ♪
♪ And hustle with my friends
To get away from pens ♪
♪ And copiers
So I'm Corona bound ♪
♪ To check Drew
AKA Doc the Butcher ♪
♪ And what's goin' down ♪
♪ And Joe with the Jetta ♪
♪ Enables us
To get around town ♪
♪ He's a clown ♪
♪ Other than that.
I'm with Joe Burgos ♪
♪ Watch an old Black Caesar
Flick for kicks ♪
♪ Jump in the wagon
And we're outta here ♪
♪ Without an idea of where ♪
♪ But usually
We wind up there ♪
♪ I go over K-Cut's block ♪
♪ 'Cause rock cuts
Is what he blends ♪
[singer vocalizing]
♪ ♪
[laughter]